send me youtube guys here matheus
96 to show another video here for
the how to install applications channel
app store free
this app may be paid but we
do not get free guys try
buy the app if you liked
this app try to buy it
guys to help the challenger himself
in this game and applications if you download
to have better game every time
Good boy, let's start here with this one.
Good program, this app
will do much more than low
good applications you will be able to access
view your apps you already have
on your device you will be able to update
it if you have an update here as
Can you see to upgrade the ball?
do not update to not roll this video
you will see little of your videos if you
would have
one seems to view your photos and
through your computer directly
of the program
your books if you are also
You'll be able to do what you want.
I want your programs to appear here.
that you will be able to view your
videos also the ones and books his photos the
safari will be able to do everything is a
very very good program but
Let's go to what really matters
of this program
this first option will only be for the
users who already have budib if you have
Money, you'll be able to use this
first option if you do not stay
Calm down, I'll climb the most.
as quickly as possible to make a
on your device
remembering the day that b will only serve
for a4 iphone 3gs iphone 4 and ipod chip
all supports generation in this second option
it is for us that we do not have a success
this option here will not be able to download
any application you want
free boat has the search engine you
You'll be able to find any twitter
Do you want any application whatsoever?
I play anything
search here for example let's download
tetris here who have played in the tetris
guys there will get the crowd here has
the options of iphone and ipad if you have
a ipad click ipad is good here we have
Galet the tetris who threw the tetris in the
life right
repeating those that are repetitive with
footprint here come the specifications
Technical stalk updating deal
latest 1.1.0 weighs 20 megabytes
here it is for iphone ipod touch and ipad
3.1 works on there 3.1
to download any application we will
stay here in this little downside without
click there it will start downloading
when any application starts to
download will start here
good here in hopes that time will
depends on your connection to the
internet from your computer does not know q in
internet is a good
I'll say another word
and when you download this application it will
appear here in this little square here and
will appear the applications that you already
low
As you can see, I have fashion.
combat 4 and gt a vice said
Friends, I have to solve one problem.
doubt that you have already asked me and it is
This app will download Chinese galera
I'm not going to download teaching
if this app is not supported
to Portuguese
this app will download in good English
better that China is more or less the people
understands not a little bit
Good, I went to download the application, let's go.
wait a little bit for it to download
good guys here again mateus I cut
this video more to do so wide
without you do not expect so much good here
we have the tetris that I downloaded weighs 20
megabytes
from version 3.1 I'll pass
your iphone and ipad ipod touch is just
click here but I want to specify one
thing how can you see this
pineapple here is because the appliances that
just have the comic and those here is for everyone
devices with or without scope of
then we have already specified that we are going
Click here to go and let's go our
device that we are going to expect to
here was the delay very charged to
see how this app loads
it will take more click here
and it 's explain here
It's up here.
It takes a lot of people here.
to observe here
already 90% and here people have already gone to
Let's see if it works.
correctly saved
as you have seen empathic very easy to
use and fast
I liked very much
in this good program here are the
modifications the first time the
thanks guys and the background noise but
is that the fifth fell a very rain
crazy
Is that what folks we have?
perfectly for our device
heitor, this is advantage to the galera of god
here works perfectly for the
our device
I know I do not even know that I tried
do what I'm very bad game
really good here are the
new things that do not export little
good will shorten more to this video
do not take the time of yourselves like you
you can see I've already downloaded these games here
the modern combat 4 gt9 sites you
they want me to do a little gameplay
you can leave there in the comment that
I'll do
good people and was thank you for
watch my video here on youtube and
subscribe to the channel do not forget to
comment
my failures my error and click and
online sign up for the galera channel
that was all, thank you